Hello everyone and I bring you a couple of
tricks on the blank bourget map
fearful the zombies good as is
saying they were psychotic and strikeouts
right in that corner here
trying to make the new system already
you know we put a trap and the same
once we jump we will stay a little in the air
and then we put a second mother like
you see here psychotic just stayed
in the corner here stuck and made a
good barrier
I already showed two tricks here
precisely in this same place what
happens that this is after the patch or
either after patch will make the
trampoline not now with the new system
well, we can climb, it's worth this
it would be a part of the trick of the video
ok here we will create as I say a
good psychotic barrier I do not know if I could
kill the zombies well I'm not very
sure but good me and then we are for
in there and we can kill them quite
fine and then cease at the same time he did
another barrier is just inside
the titan zone is worth what you have
to do either of the two
I recommend that you make this voucher
is doing psychotic right now that
right in this hall here
right in that corner of the
left is worth this is the best because
all the players are left to
end of this hall comes no
zombie we can kill quietly good
what he did that was to get on
which is on top of the machine the titan and
he stayed in a hidden room worth a
secret room but can not do
nothing and no zombies are going but not
can kill zombies and can not do anything
It's worth as you see the zombies are
they were there just in front of the
barrels to the adjusted when the
I jump that in front of the barrels in
each side the zombies and then the rest
they stayed here with chicote
ok but as I say if you have to
choose one of the two choose this from
here in the east corridor because it's
you are seeing now is worth the titan
as I say, you'll get stuck there if
You can not go out but it's good for
who wants to know how to do it
simply possessed you place here the
first trap is worth to jump and
that is more or less at that height and
then the other partner has to come
and when the trap prompts you leave it
little higher up, what are you going to
see now then once and leave it already
above you can get inside will not die
but now you will see that just
When I went up I passed by and I
falls to the void I died so it's good
it's just this I taught you a couple
of barriers basically is worth here as
you are seeing then that remains
right here inside but can not anymore
continue here can not kill well
that is not worth much worth more
worth the first voucher and good is what
you are seeing now, not there are they staying
some zombies in a barrier and others
zombies in the other but much better
better the one in which he is psychotic
imagine because more secure so good
it is simply this I hope that I have
liked if you liked to like I like
favorites and see you in the next
health video
Y